hi guys today I have another torture
pool for you and I know it's very very
close to my last one but that is because
it is Christmas themed Christmas is fast
approaching and I wanted to get up a few
guys before it was too late this month's
haul is particularly exciting for me who
is the Christmas enthusiast the lookbook
is also gonna be pretty exciting it's
gonna be a little bit different from my
previous Topshop little bit so I'm gonna
be doing like more of a Christmas like
what you would be doing around Christmas
time kind of theme hopefully it should
be very more jolly and happy especially
more jolly than my last bit book I know
a lot of you picked up on was a very
moody vibe I'm so so glad you guys like
the last look but it means so much to me
because there was a lot of work into it
and then to kind of the locations and
the look of it and everything so it
means the world that you guys enjoyed it
and left so many lovely comments each of
the items that I've got to show you guys
has got like a thought process in my
mind about how I would wear it around
Christmas time in December time so I'm
gonna jump right into it and the first
items I can see are these pajamas and I
could not resist these so obviously I do
a lot of lounging around at Christmas
time and you will be able to tell that
from my vlogmas which I am planning on
doing and I've got a new camera for and
I will be talking a lot I think at the
beginning of Rodman's about how I film
why I chose the blog camera I did and
also if you are a youtuber or you're at
all interested in that kind of thing
then do check out I think it will it'll
be in the title of the vlog and do you
check out check check out check out
those videos and I have been doing a bit
of pre rudner's any Christmassy
activities I have been vlogging on the
new camera so anyway that is a complete
side track I've got these I woke up like
this flannel pajamas and because they're
flannel I think they'll be quite a lot
warmer than just like a t-shirt and the
joggers kind of thing most of you will
know I'm a massive Beyonce fan so I got
those and
they've got a matching pair of joggers
just looking like that with black
detailing the next item is a must for
Christmas everyone has to get a
Christmas developer and I am building
well I have a pretty good collection
already but I'm going to continue to
build it every year and this is my top
shot one this year it's just your
classic novelty Christmas jumper it's
got snowmen on it it's got presents
they've got Christmas tree
snowflakes so I'm very excited to wear
that like I always say in these lip
books I like in my normal haul which I
have got another spoon people coming up
for you guys which I know you really
liked last time I won't be trying these
bits on cuz they'll be in the lookbook
we'll put all the sizes and everything
in the downbar the next item I just saw
this and my little magpie eyes lit up
itís the perfect sparkly evening handbag
I love these colors and I do think I
need more evening bags in my repertoire
the next item is another must for me
around Christmas time it's a pair of
novelty Christmas socks I got these ones
these that are red with little
gingerbread men all over them the next
item is a bit more of a basic item like
a kind of all year round must have got a
pair of Jamie jeans and these are the
ones with the rips in the knee
everyone's got them I've been jealous
that I haven't got them I have seven
pairs of ripped jeans but just don't
have this like classic rip in the knee
only and I've been wearing it already
and I already love them this next item I
had Christmas Day in mind so I know some
people kind of lounge about and
loungewear and Christmas Day and it
depends I kind of change it year to year
sometimes I dress up sometimes I don't
but I thought I would because I have
some lousy options I thought I would do
a dressed-up version of Christmas Day so
I've got this little play suit and it's
like it's got one shoulder obviously and
it's got it's asymmetrical kind of
detailing here it's blue velvet and I
love play suits I'm not I would go for a
play see or a jumpsuit over a dress
every day it's just really really nice
nicely made as well and a nice little
piece for even just Christmas parties or
general winter where you guys may think
own enough black Blazers but I never
feel like I do and this one is a tuck
style B I have one tuck star jacket in
cream but it's actually quite small for
me so I thought I'd kind of get a
slightly oversized tuck style black
blazer you can never go wrong with a
black blazer especially to dress up
outfits for Christmas parties and stuff
you could either wear with jeans or you
could wear it with a pretty dress or a
pretty jumpsuit as I'm going to show you
in a second and then underneath that got
a really nice basic tee it's sleeveless
and just in the nicest material and I
love things like this especially like to
start layering to start the layering
process during winter so speaking of
pretty jumpsuits I have chosen this one
it's kind of in a snakeskin print but
obviously a sparkly snakeskin print be
great for Christmas party if you're
going to the slightly posh you're
dressed up Christmas party as opposed to
a novelty Christmas jumper one and I
also got this Cape thing which is gonna
be very hard to show you and it's just
gonna look like a scarf but I got this
Cape and it goes around your shoulders
there's no armhole but it just kind of
sits around your shoulders because of
the way it's kind of put together and I
really like this kind of things like a
pub lunch somewhere where you just kind
of want to be casual warm cozy looking
and the final item is this one it's
another jumper I can't really go and do
a Christmas haul with just one jumper so
it's just this lovely tartan soft woolly
jumper so that is everything
no it's not so that was almost
everything but I've actually got this
pair of boots as well I've got a million
pairs of black boots but you can never
go wrong buying another one in a
slightly different design and I thought
these would be nice because they've got
a little bit of a heel but they're still
chunky and like have got good grip and
they've got this zip down the front this
kind of gunmetal colors it an ankle
strap and I just think they're really
really nice and I think they're one of
those things as well it looks better on
so that is everything for this month you
guys I hope you enjoyed this little haul
and the lookbook will be coming up and
hopefully I'm really hoping it's gonna
be really really good I'm excited to
film it I hope you enjoyed this haul you
guys and I will see you in my next video
[Music]